Report – 30 points
1)The report has a table of content: introduction, body and a conclusion.
2)Explain the design theme and concept.
3)List the styles of each html page.
4)Explain the form and each html page.
5)Include name of the team members on top of the report.

Table of content

Introduction

    The purpose of our site, "Dylan's Bartending School," is to serve as an educational resource where users can learn to make popular cocktails at home. 
It also functions as a business portal where customers can book a private bartender for events. 
The site is designed to be easy to navigate, visually appealing, and fully responsive for both desktop and mobile devices. 

Body

Design Theme and Concept:
    We wanted the site to feel professional, upscale, and slightly moody, matching the atmosphere from a real cocktail bar. 
To meet the project requirements, we incorporated the UHD color palette into our brand identity. 
We used UHD Red (#c8102e) as our accent color for active states and UHD Navy (#1f3a5f) for borders and headings.
The combination of dark and light colors is an attempt to make the content 'pop off the screen.'

Stylesheet Implementation:
    We used the Bootstrap 5 framework to quickly structure the elements of the entire site. 
Bootstrap's grid system did much of the heavy lifting, along with the utility classes to handle spacing and shadows with ease. 
    Any styling that was not a product of the Bootstrap framework was written in our 'style.css' file.
Within this file, we imported two google fonts, 'Playfair Display' and 'Poppins.' 
We created custom sizing rules for the images used, so that they do not appear stretched or distorted across different device screens. 

Webpage Breakdown: 
- index.html. The home page (landing page) serves as the main entry point and attention-grabber for the site. It is structured by a top navigation bar, a side navigation bar, the main contents and an age verification trigger before entering the site. It features a bold hero section highlighting the “Drink of the Week,” a search bar, and an About Us section. It also features a “Book a bartender today!” button link that will take you to the site’s Book a Bartender page.
- recipe.html
    primary location for educational resources, displays curated list of 15 classic cocktails, organized into responsive grid with bootstrap, each card has name, vibes, ingredients, instructions
- booking.html
    primary location for business requests, features a 12-control booking form, describe form details, routes via post to PHP server
- submitRecipe.html
    This page is meant to be a second call-to-action page, to retain enthusiastic users and drive engagement with a chance of their recipe being featured on the home page. 
The form is made up of two sections to group relevant details.
The first being 'Recipe Information,' with a textbox to enter the custom drink name, and text areas to capture details such as ingredients, descriptions, and instructions. 
The second is 'Contact Information,' which re-uses the section from booking.html. 
Contact information is located at the bottom of both forms to allow users to easily differentiate the purpose of each form at a glance. 

    To keep our code 'DRY' (Don't Repeat Yourself), we abstracted our navigation, sidebar, and footer into a single JavaScript file called 'ui.js.'
This script injects these elements across all four HTML pages while they are loading. 

Conclusion
summary of report (mention collaboration via zoom, groupme, github, email)

    Building this website was a fun way to challenge our group's HTML/CSS/JavaScript skills! 
One of our biggest challenges was getting a layout that looked stylish on both the desktop and mobile views, without repeating large blocks of code.  
After brainstorming some different options for what our theme should be, the group voted to create a bartending website. 
Because we had direct access to a professional bartender in the family, we were able to curate an authentic list of the 15 classic cocktails most frequently ordered, which gave the site a highly realistic feel. 
Once there was content to implement into the webpages, our group met at minimum once a week. 
Using GroupMe, Zoom, and Github, we collaborated and delegated tasks to effectively meet our deadline. 
